gabriel medina brazilian champion
world of his film became an idol
national and already won until the funk no longer
that way he's going to win a statue
in maresias
Medina is new and has enjoyed the day.
to personally thank the other
surfer who was instrumental in this
unprecedented achievement is the young
is a strong title contender
music from the summer 2015 comes from maresias
on the north coast of são paulo
brazilian party is featured
international cooperation is clearly reinforced
first world surfing title
Brazilian conquered in hawaii
the new balboa plus a great one but in
Magna session on my skin in the vineyard area
visit gabriel medina is the name of the
champion and funk composed by ms lech
in the young lady of the reader a letter that does not come out
9 year old sister sophia head
youngest and gabriel's amulet
she was there on the podium to see up close
the most important trophy in the South
accompanied the sand all the details of
a magical Friday for the sport
Brazilian
shared an indescribable joy
the victory of the medina family was also
a victory of the Brazilian family ended
world champion is over
talent is not enough to be champion
even a surfer of the level
de gabriel medina needs support
during the championship or from the
family or friends like alejo muniz
you who eliminated on the same day the two
opponents of the Brazilian in the struggle for
title
it was an angel fell from the sky
I think for some reason I just
falling with Kelly
I got through I think the moment
highest of my career until today and
then I lost in the repechage and
falling as I was another -oxazol
when Gabriel at that time
championship
gabriel medina was undefeated in the team
male but still had to go through
two phases to guarantee the title without
depend on no other result
the victory of alejo muniz about mpn
brought immediate relief to the fans
Brazilian can see the joy in the face
him into his family's home when he
going out is very special because I
I really identify with his family.
I think I'm very happy to have you and have been part of it.
this whole life story
I just have to thank you so much.
I already talked to him about it.
what he did was inspired not beyond
This creates the metal has a friend would
collect this debt on the new champion
World surfing
further there gabriel medina is on
stage of receiving honors as won
three stages of the world circuit in 2014
he felt entitled to ask for a musician
for advantage
So much funk and the medina is featured
International
who does not know will soon learn
I believe in god creates